
Security : All - restricted pages are marked with restricted atribute;
Audience - All - Often Audience is mentioned, these are the user types.

path -  0dot.live/view?shunya

        0dot1.live,
        0dot1.alive,
        shunyadotek.com,etc,

-----

shunya.ek.live
        actionSpaceApp.View.layout
                            .nav
                            .article
                              
                                .aside-left - table of content
                                .main - content 
                                       .header
                                .aside-right
                                .article-footer
                            .footer

shunya.about.
    header-about
                section -disclaimer - 
                         when thoughts and memories will be shared in a blink, data-based decisions will be an everyday norm.

                        our world will be at it’s efficient best, connected, automated & secure.

                        at shunya.ek we are  building that world, in bits and bytes.

                        Allow Coocie button + Copy
            section - Experience
                   
                    we homo sapiens are an entity in constant state of change & motion.
                    experience
                    form | function | beauty in its simplest form.
                    online or offline.

                    This is our public manifesto.
                    For privacy & security (and embarrassment) reasons, not everything is in here.

    section - why
                
                  wherever you are, it’s a start.

            
                sectionHeader.drive
                        
                        efficiency creates room for creativity.

                        In this era of complexity, and open data theft, there is a huge vacuum of simple, integrated, nextGen systems we believe by simply adhering to our own values and promise, we can fill that gap. In simple words, make the world efficient, safe and integrated

                us :
                        Do we know algorithms & coding languages best in the world. No
                        Do we understand  technology & experiences in the simplest of the form Big yes. 


                        Just like kids opening up a radio we get excited on seeing a  user pain point or a workflow problem to meet it’s simplest/correct solution.

                our :
                        vision
                        when thoughts and memories will be shared in a blink, data-based decisions will be an everyday norm.

                        our world will be at it’s efficient best, connected, automated & secure.

                        at shunya.ek we are  building that world, in bits and bytes.


                        mission:

                        disrupt | unite | inspire
                        technology has aided us, humans, in most of our noble endeavours: art, science, business, entertainment, health… the list goes on.

                        Today's dominant computing Software/ platforms increasingly work against the needs of creative professionals.

                        We at shunya.ek love working on { this } problem.

                        In short, digitally transform, work-lives of hardworking creative professionals,
                        powered by your data & our AI || bits & Bytes.

                        values:

                                truthful | loyal | agile

                        these words shape the big decisions we make everyday, the art| technology | business decisions.  how we collaborate with our colleagues | tribe within and outside. 
                        we are set out to develop an Ecosystem for an efficient future.

                        Honouring our past and working together in tandem with our Tribe, we are not afraid to make mistakes. 

                        They lead to beautiful things, in a very fun | creative | inspiring way.
                        
                        belief :
                                where ever you are it's a start
                                change is the only constant
                                #noDeadline
                                opensource
                                keep the mug empty
                                shared knowledge
                                efficiency fuels creativity
                                work should be fun
                                karm kar fal ki iccha mat kar.
                                every bit matters
                                make mistakes
                                world needs re-classification



    section - who
                 header
                    stop.go.think
                    we are Free spirit responsible human beings.
                
                we are 
                        us : shunya
                                shunya.ek registered as dot shunya ek pvt ltd. is a smart work tool company with offices in Goa & Faridabad.

                                We offer simple digital products &  solutions to let creative professionals, focus on what matters the most. While taking care of handful of problems they face day2day.

                                And that's it.

                                Keeping it simple. If you have any questions, or if we can do anything to help you,
                                
                                please get in touch, using the button below.

                                Thank you! — Gitesh Kohli ( Founder & CEO ).
                                
                                reach-out.button

                        us : people
                                Driven by our zeal to outperform our-self, we are a team of professionals from advertising, films, software industry. Working from home, across India, our strength is extended by our partner & associates.

                                We have a background in research & design driven innovation in digital content industry and a track record of successfully delivering world class experiences on tiny deadline & shoe-string budgets.

                                We love to solve complex work-flow problems and can get obsessive about finding solutions.

                        us: people.vibe
                                we have a casual work culture.
                                We strictly follow #no Deadlines yet put our best at every story in action.
                                We adhere to 5 hrs x 5 work - day work culture.
                                And speak our self as per our brand Voice.
                        
                        us : people.vibe.music
                                spotify playlist (current listening)
                        
                        us : people.vibe.picCollage
                                images impossible grid
                        
                        us  : faces
                                as a brand, shunya.ek embodies a persona of a friend who is a geek.
                                constantly pushing our race to embrace the best of technology, be the best of himself.
                                thereby increasing efficiency of this planet.


                                Each one of our brands represents our shared ethos.
                                We listen to them from the heart, think empathetically, and help each other grow.

                        us : faces
                                logo card.
                                        shunya.ek
                                        O.1
                                        jungleStudio
                                        x-tension.tech

                are you?
                        Someone well-versed in his craft or an amateur starting out.
                        Our product & solutions benefit 
                                creative professionals
                                content creators
                                low-code developers
                                affiliate marketers
                                educators
                                Project Managers
                                Product Teams
                                Design Teams
                                Institutions

                are our focus
                        industry
                                Advertising
                                events
                                education 
                                        online
                                        off-lines
                                Films
                                Construction
                                Software Development  https://vaadin.com/company
                                web development
                                small business
                                Salon's and Parlours
                                start-ups
                                Small Manufactureses
                                Coaching centers
                                Online Educators
                                Film Studios

                        processes || profiles
                                web designer/developers https://vaadin.com/company
                                low code developers https://vaadin.com/company
                                creative professionals
                                educators
                                Affiliate marketers
                                Project Managers
                                Product Teams
                                Design Teams
                                Institutions

                        subjects
                                bespoke software solutions
                                        cloud
                                        desktop
                                
                                workflow || system design

                                immersive experiences

                are in our company
                                our clients you may know of
                                        all.Tab
                                        CORPORATE.Tab
                                        GOVT.Tab
                                        NGO.Tab
                                        Recent.Tab
                can
                
                        use our products
                                        earthling who are honest to their crafts. though our provide deeepest of insights about a user bevaviour or projects, we discourage people misusing it as a HR solution.
                                        people who want to add value in others life. If you love open-source, we are in the right company.
                        partner with us
                                        you seek change
                                        you seek progress
                                        you seek value driven business envoirnment
                                        you seek a sustainable future
                                        you understand what efficiency is.

                        work /intern with us -
                        
                                    apply
                        
                        collaborate with us
                                    open Projects
                                        We push you and your team to be creative problem solvers within every function of your organisation and we like to believe we inject the necessary knowledge to level-up competences and skills in a short duration.	
                                            
                                        Want to join us?	
                                        https://www.upstrategylab.com/careers	
                                        Go to our careers page	
                                            
                                        Drop us a message	
                                        Not sure what to write?‍	
                                        Tell us about your company, where you're from and how you would like to collaborate.	

                work with  -
                            values our opinion
                        Many of our clients have spent years investing in new business capabilities, integrating acquisitions and modernizing their technology stacks, all of which is necessary to bring best-of-breed solutions to market. But these strategic investments can result in a complex estate of legacy infrastructure, skill sets, processes — even culture.

                Thoughtworks brings more than 25 years of global technology consultancy experience to every partnership. We enable our clients to leverage core assets and remove technology roadblocks. Our clients think big, they have big ambitions. They trust us to deliver disruptive thinking and innovative technology that empowers them to succeed. From large, global Fortune 500 enterprises to digital natives and digital scale ups, we’ve build the tech foundations behind some of the world’s most successful businesses.

    section - what
                do.we.do.
                                discovering your new set of work tools.

                                We build the smartest work-tools for the hardest workers on this planet, while having all the fun.
                                -- to be deleted - We make products that we enjoy using everyday.

                                Everything we make fights the friction that stops creators from putting energy into their creation.
                                Our tools help us do work faster, because there are more important things in life than sitting in front of a computer.
                                So finish your work and go do those things. Or do more work. Whatever.
                                It's your life.

                                we always believe, it’s always man behind the machine, and never the other way around, and man can always find a way to do a job efficiently than a machine.

                        
                        product - we build, helpful products
                                
                                
                                All products tell a story. We make sure it's a good one.

                                based on the core concepts of form, function and beauty, our  products and solutions, to help creative professional imbibe a culture of efficient creativity.

                                Some of the common attributes of all our products are

                                        form :	Modular Form,		
                                        Keeping the brand promise of [ wherever you are ], our products are designed and developed keeping, simplest of form and can be used across devices and operating systems.		
                                                
                                        You can use our products like a :		
                                                Snippet	
                                                browser add-on	
                                                a web service	
                                                browser App	
                                                desktop App	
                                                
                                                
                                        Function :			
                                        Covering most of the functional department and processes of a mid size organisations.		
                                        Built in automation.		
                                        realtime collaboration across versatile teams.		
                                        secure, lightweight.		
                                        easily customisable.		
                                        low infrastructure.		
                                        secure.		
                                        Beauty			
                                        Simple, user friendly, bespoke.....your world the way you want to use it.		
                                                
                                                
                                product.slider

                                ehh- one world
                                        a light-weight framework, to write notes, speeches, create estimates to presentation. All in a very few lines of code.
                                        drive documents  spreadsheet presentations Images Video all in one tab.
                                        World’s fastest too.

                                        An open source project, [ everything happens here ] , is the core behind rest of shunya.ek digital products.

                                        children
                                        every Lead : a easy to implement CRM modules. With most of the features of it;s contemporaries. User can store his data in a google sheet or google drive.
                                        every Project :  a sturdy, uniquely intuitive project management & knowledge management tool
                                        everyTask : a small todo, task management.
                                        chanchal :  workflow automation tool. Runs on Cloud and on client. Has drag and drop ui builder.
                                        actionSpace Editor : a single tab where, richText Meets the cells, vector meets the raster, words meets the voice. An Interface to create any kinds of data be it simple text, vector, raster, static HTML to interactive videos and presentations.

                                films.go -
                                                                A film production, development software.
                                        From story ideas brief to call sheet to storyboard to publish all in single tab. And hey’ it’s a in inbuilt video editor as well.




                                manu.events - A event production, development software.
                                                From client brief to show run-down to presentation to speaker notes all in single tab.
                                                And hey’ it’s has a in inbuilt presentor/teleprompter as well.
                                                managing events was never this easy.

                                
                                Momac - ministry of magic on ActionCells
                                        A spreadsheet addon, that adds steroid on any normal excel sheet.
                                        To start with it solves one the biggest problem of all excel and spreadsheet user. Sync to cells of two different files. 
                                        Rest of the features are as unique as the first one.


                                moneyMatters
                                bindu - A smart work tool for creative professionals. Mostly used for research and feedback. Has inbuilt, Project Management, Feedback Management. Web-Annotation, Image and video annotations. User can create quizzes, polls, besides an intuitive frame by frame contextual conversation
                                        available as snippet, chrome extension, PWA

                                films.go
                                manu.Events
                                estimate Generator
                                helpDesk
                                pari -this is the secret reciepe for all our gorgeus designs
                                sia
                                actionSpaceEditor
                                whatsGoinOn
                                
                        Solutions -

                                Solutions for Larger Productions , Teams & Enterprises

                                our solutions create a secure, collaborative, real-time work environment for teams to achieve efficient Creativity.

                                They make it easy to share expertise, resources, assets above all any form of day amongst a virtual workforce secured in real time.

                                Developed on our inhouse open-source hybrid ecosystem, lets our user get the best of both offline and online systems, helps us cut the pricing low.

                                We stress on harnessing the power of the cloud. Whether your concern is data security or automation or seamless integration, we can have a solutions tailored just for you just in time.


                                        sheetErp - scalable erp built on sheets.

                                        ehh - a modern framework to create,distribute, manage content.

                                        actionOAuth2 - oAuth without dependency or tracking.
                                                shunya.ek’s modern approach to work tools enables organisations to provide secure access to any application, for any user. 

                                                Our  actionAuth0 framework is a highly customisation identity operating system that is as simple as development teams want and as flexible as they need.

                                                Safeguarding billions of login transactions each month, Auth0 delivers convenience, privacy, and security so customers can focus on innovation. 
                                                For more information, visit https://actionAuth0.0dot1.live.
        
                        Services -
                                Story-telling of any form, with focus on
                                        digital product development
                                                webApp development	
                                                Api integration
                                        no-code solutions
                                        automation systems - pipelines
                                        workflow systems - pipelines
                                        design systems & frameworks
                                        custom blue-prints & templates
                                        Immersive - experiences
                                                online
                                                stuggling to 
                                                
                                                offline


                                        digital content

                                        consultancy :
                                                https://www.cabotsolutions.com/everything-you-need-to-know-about-cto-as-a-service	
                                                Schedule a meeting


                        Projects -
                                We dedicate hours in engineering latest workflows, testing out innovative approaches, analysing and evaluating technologies ; all geared towards making things possible.
                                
                                pari
                                actionEngine
                                dug dug go

                are the problems we solve
                        are the problems				
                                single user			
                                        1-2 ppl		
                                        small team		
                                                College groups	
                                                Communities	
                                                NGO	
                                                Freelancers	
                                                Enterpreneurs	
                                        couple		
                                        friends		
                                        Too many platforms,		
                                        No professional network.		
                                        adful experience		
                                                        
                                family			
                                        1-2 ppl 2 kids		
                                        --------		
                                        Privacy, no control on spending.		
                                        Multiple services.		
                                                        
                                small			
                                        1-5 ppl		
                                        --------		
                                        High Input cost hence Illegal or free.		
                                        Training		
                                        Language.		
                                        Multi Sales, multi vendor format		
                                                        
                                mid			
                                        5-55 ppl		
                                        --------		
                                        per person		
                                        Avg 2000 per month		
                                                        
                                large			
                                        55-233 ppl		
                                        --------		
                                        per person		
                                        avg 1000 per month		
                                                        
                                Enterprise			
                                        large		
                                        233-		
                                        --------		
                                        per person		
                                        avg 800 per month		
                                                        
    section - where
                -our space&Places
                        Along with having a workshop in Goa and an office in faridabad, we actively work from anywhere.
                        We share an immense faith in collaborations and all our workspaces are
                        vibrant, open and creative zones
                        where art meets technology,
                        where ideas meet technical know-how. 
                        Join our tribe!
                - our voices

                        We actively engage with our tribe on different social medium and on our blogs. We believe and promote Creative Common License and Open-Source Licensees. Films, AR/VR, productivity tips, we love talking about all of that. Share the vibe. Let’s Collaborate.
                                Find all #Tags of our Area of interests here."
                                Social Posts
                                blogs
                                case studies
                                press kit aka #shunya.ek Live

                - 


    section - how
                techStack -
                work-methodology -
                naming-conventions -
                glossary -

    footer
        copy right dotsunyaek pvt.Ltd.
        made with ehh and pari


shunya.work
                header-work
                        If you've ever found yourself digging through a junk drawer for a screwdriver, ruler, wrench, or bottle opener, then you've likely learned the value of having something on hand to accomplish whatever task with which you are stuck. 
                        "If you're now on the hunt to get ur hands on peice of software  to ease your work frustrations and inconveniences, go no further.
                        Ease your pain and suffering with these handy and portable ehh tools."
                Feedback
                products
                        ehh- 
                                easy as if you are fish in the water
                                stable as a tortoise
                                snippy fast to make you feel rabbit, going down his own rabbit-hole.

                                a light-weight framework, to write notes, speeches, create estimates to presentation. All in a very few lines of code.

                                drive documents spreadsheet presentations Images Video all in one tab.

                                World’s fastest too.

                                An open source project, [ everything happens here ] , is the core behind rest of shunya.ek digital products.

                        Momac - everything you need, but sheets doessn't have.
                                        kya aap apney erp sey pareshan hey	
                                                        erp ko side kiijiyeah,
                                                        google sheets mein erp ka maza lootiyeah
                        
                                        kya aap apni ERP implementation se pareshaan hey	
                                                apney vendor ko fire kiijiyeah,
                                                aur sheets mein erp ka maza lootiyeah
                                                
                                        kya app software key high prices se pareshaan hey	
                                                36 software ko side kijiyeah,
                                                MoMac ka mazalootiyeah
                                                
                                        A spreadsheet addon, that adds steroid on any normal excel sheet.	
                                                
                                        To start with it solves one the biggest problem of all excel and spreadsheet user. Sync to cells of two different files.	
                                                
                                        Rest of the features are as unique as the first one.	        
                        actionBox
                        actionEngine
                        actionSpace
                        unbelong
                        bindu Ver O.1

                        blockIt Ver O.1
                        collaborative Art
                        CRM

                        ehh
                        Estimate | TimeTrack | Invoice


                        everyThingSchema Ver O.1
                        Film I Event Production Management
                        filmsGo
                        grabIt. Ver O.1
                        helpDesk
                        manu.events
                        miniErp Ver O.1
                        Ministry of Magic on Action Cells [ Momac ] Ver O.1

                        MoneyMatter Ver O.1
                        moneyMatters
                        ideaBook
                        pari.css
                        PixelRatio Generator
                        rightContact
                        ScreenShot Tool
                        sheetDb

                        sip
                        SmartDocs
                        Studio Management
                        music magic
                        Vendor Management
                        whatsGoinOn
                        You Will Love It

                solutions

                services

                projects

                get in touch.
